README.md, before:

# A wannabe ros2 command replacer

```              

         ███        ███         ███  
       ███████    ███████     ███████
       ███████    ███████     ███████
         ███        ███         ███    

         ███        ███         ███  
       ███████    ███████     ███████
       ███████    ███████     ███████
         ███        ███         ███    
         
         ███        ███         ███  
       ███████    ███████     ███████
       ███████    ███████     ███████
         ███        ███         ███   
    
a wannabe ros2 command line tool alternative

Usage:  borg <COMMAND>

Monotor Commands:
  action      [a]    Various action subcommands
  topic       [t]    Various topic subcommands
  service     [s]    Various service subcommands
  param       [p]    Various param subcommands
  node        [n]    Various node subcommands
  interface   [i]    Various interface subcommands
  frame       [f]    Various transforms subcommands [WIP]

Workspace Commands:
  run         [r]    Run an executable
  launch      [l]    Launch a launch file
  work        [w]    Various workspace subcommands

Utilities Commands:     
  bag         [b]    Various rosbag subcommands
  daemon      [d]    Deamon and bridge subcommands [WIP]
  middleware  [m]    Various middleware subcommands [WIP]
```

Commit message:

docs: Improve README and ABOUT_STR for alpha state and installation instructions
- Add note about tool being in super early state and goal of having a single binary to replace `ros2` command line tool in `README.md`
- Update installation and usage instructions in `README.md`
- Add incomplete section for commands in `README.md`
- Modify `ABOUT_STR` in `borg.rs` to include additional information about alpha state and calling external `ros2` commands

README.md, after:

# A wannabe ros2 command replacer

[SUPER EARLY STATE] at the moment it calls ros2 commands externally, but the goal is to have a single binary that can be used to replace the ros2 command line tool.

## Installation

```bash
cargo install borg_ros
```

## Usage

```bash
borg_ros <COMMAND>
```

## Commands

```              

         ███        ███         ███  
       ███████    ███████     ███████
       ███████    ███████     ███████
         ███        ███         ███    

         ███        ███         ███  
       ███████    ███████     ███████
       ███████    ███████     ███████
         ███        ███         ███    
         
         ███        ███         ███  
       ███████    ███████     ███████
       ███████    ███████     ███████
         ███        ███         ███   
    
a wannabe ros2 command line tool alternative

Usage:  borg <COMMAND>

Monotor Commands:
  action      [a]    Various action subcommands
  topic       [t]    Various topic subcommands
  service     [s]    Various service subcommands
  param       [p]    Various param subcommands
  node        [n]    Various node subcommands
  interface   [i]    Various interface subcommands
  frame       [f]    Various transforms subcommands [WIP]

Workspace Commands:
  run         [r]    Run an executable
  launch      [l]    Launch a launch file
  work        [w]    Various workspace subcommands

Utilities Commands:     
  bag         [b]    Various rosbag subcommands
  daemon      [d]    Deamon and bridge subcommands [WIP]
  middleware  [m]    Various middleware subcommands [WIP]
```
