book/src/chapter_1.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="images/borg.png" />
</p>


## What is BORG?

BORG is a tool that wants to help you to develop ROS2 applications faster and easier. It is a collection of tools that are used to generate code, build and test your ROS2 applications. It is based on the [ROS2 CLI](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Tutorials/Colcon-Tutorial/).

## Why BORG?

BORG aims to be a tool that will completely be written in RUST and at some point not relay on the ROS2 CLI anymore. This will allow us to have a tool that is faster and more reliable. It will also allow us to have a tool that can be used on other platforms like Windows.

## Features

- Generate ROS2 packages with a template system
- Build ROS2 packages (colcon at the moment) but will be replaced by a custom build system
- Adding missing feature that IMO ros2 cli should have like:
    - `borg frame` to work with tf frames, cordination systems and transformations
    - `borg bridge` to bridge topics between different ROS2 instances
- Adding TUI (Text User Interface) to make it easier to work with ROS2

Commit message:

feat: namechange to `roc` from `borg`
- Renamed files `misc/borg_2.png`, `book/src/images/borg.png`, `docs/images/borg.png`, `misc/borg.png`, `docs/index.html`, `misc/borg.png`, `book/src/chapter_2.md`, `docs/chapter_1.html`, `book/src/chapter_1.md`, `misc/borg.png`, and `README.md` to use the name `roc` instead of `borg`.
- Updated references, links, and descriptions in `docs/index.html`, `docs/chapter_1.html`, `book/src/chapter_1.md`, and `book/src/chapter_2.md` from `borg` to `roc`.
- Modified the archive name and removed comments related to it in `.github/workflows/build.yml`.
- Updated the package and binary names in `Cargo.toml` from `borg_ros` to `roc_ros` and from `borg` to `roc` respectively.
- Deleted `src/commands/borg.rs` and removed the associated function `handle`, imports, and subcommands.
- Modified `docs/print.html` by changing the file name to `roc.html` and updating the names in HTML tags from "BORG" to "roc".
- Replaced the repository URL in `cliff.toml` from "https://github.com/bresilla/borg" to "https://github.com/bresilla/roc".
- Renamed `cli::borg::cli` to `cli::cli` and `commands::borg::handle` to `commands::handle` in `src/main.rs`.
- Updated the `coderun` export alias in `.envrc` to open Visual Studio Code in the `PROJECTS/roc` folder instead of `PROJECTS/borg`.
- Removed the `borg` module import and added a `handle` function for command handling in `src/commands/mod.rs`.
- Removed the `pub mod borg;` line, added several functions, and modified the `help_str` string in `src/cli/mod.rs`.
- Deleted `src/cli/borg.rs`.
- Added a new file `misc/roc.svg` created in Inkscape with various elements and styles.
- Renamed `misc/borg_3.png` to `misc/roc_3.png`.
- Updated the folder URI in the `.direnv/aliases/coderun` alias to `PROJECTS/roc`.

book/src/chapter_1.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="images/roc.png" />
</p>


## What is roc?

roc is a tool that wants to help you to develop ROS2 applications faster and easier. It is a collection of tools that are used to generate code, build and test your ROS2 applications. It is based on the [ROS2 CLI](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Tutorials/Colcon-Tutorial/).

## Why roc?

roc aims to be a tool that will completely be written in RUST and at some point not relay on the ROS2 CLI anymore. This will allow us to have a tool that is faster and more reliable. It will also allow us to have a tool that can be used on other platforms like Windows.

## Features

- Generate ROS2 packages with a template system
- Build ROS2 packages (colcon at the moment) but will be replaced by a custom build system
- Adding missing feature that IMO ros2 cli should have like:
    - `roc frame` to work with tf frames, cordination systems and transformations
    - `roc bridge` to bridge topics between different ROS2 instances
- Adding TUI (Text User Interface) to make it easier to work with ROS2
